This website provides essential information about the land bank properties and enables a seamless communication between the city and interested buyers.

Land banks properties are underused, abandoned, tax-delinquent ones that are made available for purchase by the city. The Land Bank Authority is established by the city to acquire these tax-delinquent properties, surplus properties of the local governments, and other properties located within the city in order to foster the public purpose of returning land which is in a nonrevenue‐ generating, nontax‐producing status to an effective utilization status in order to remove blight, provide housing, and stabilize neighborhoods for the citizens of the city. To persuade and encourage the citizens to pursue such a noble effort, this webiste provides a seamless process that is time efficient and user friendly. We provide such a communication through this website which provides the following,
1) Efficient and easy identification of the land bank properties. A street address and zip code based search process is implemented along with an interactive map using Google Maps.
2) Specifications of the property, like square footage and assessed damage. 
3) Important loc based information like nearby grocery stores, malls, recreational areas and entertainment centers. This is achieved through the search abilities of the integrated Google Map.
4) Pricing information and possible online bidding process if more than one party is interested.
5) Possible advantages of buying a specified property. This is achieved through comments and inputs from citizens living in specific neighborhoods. These comments will be screened and categorized based on the zip code and address it came from. Along with the individual comments an overall consensus will also be posted.
